Part I

make a directory called first
mkdir first

change directory to the first folder
cd first (as long as you are in the parent directory)

create a file called person.txt
touch person.txt

change the name of person.txt to another.txt
mv person.txt another.txt

make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt
cp another.txt copy.txt

remove the copy.txt file
rm copy.txt

make a copy of the first folder and call it second
cp -r first second

delete the second folder
rmdir second ('rmdir -rf' if it had content in it)


Part II

What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
It shows the manual page for the command, giving info including a description of the comman and compatible flags. You can navigate it with the up and down arrows and exit with 'q'

Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
While ls lists all the files or directories within a directory, the '-l' flag shows more information, including the root and time of creation/last update.  The '-a' flag will include all files that start with '.', which are usually hidden.

How do you jump between words in the terminal?
alt+ left/right

How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
ctrl+ e

How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
ctrl+ a

How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
ctrl+ w

What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
Shell is specific to windows and uses different commands, while terminal is linux based

What is an absolute path?
the path starting from the root directory

What is an relative path?
the path starting from the first file within the current directory

What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
They are modifiers to commands.  -a with ls (list) will list all of the directories contents, including hidden files. -l with ls will include additional information with each item listed.  -r with cp will allow you to copy a directory.  

What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?
-rf will allow you to delete a directory with files/directories inside it.